Just a note to check the commit of github. This can make life easy, else we need to rely on email route.'

SELECT 
  s.id AS survey_id,
  s.title AS survey_title,
  q.id AS question_id,
  q.text AS question_text,
  ao.id AS answer_option_id,
  ao.text AS answer_option_text
FROM survey s
JOIN question q ON s.id = q.survey_id
JOIN answer_option ao ON q.id = ao.question_id
ORDER BY s.id, q.id, ao.id;

Java

a. Do class, method, and variable names follow Java naming conventions?
b. Is the code consistently formatted, with proper indentation and line breaks?
c. Is the code well-documented with meaningful comments and JavaDoc annotations?
d. Is the code organized into appropriate packages and classes?
e. Are exceptions properly caught, logged, and handled?
f. Has code duplication been minimized through refactoring and modular design?
g. Do unit tests cover key functionality and edge cases, and do they pass?
h. Have potential performance bottlenecks been identified and optimized?

Spring Boot

a. Are Spring Boot annotations used correctly (e.g., @RestController, @Service, @Autowired)?
b. Are dependencies properly injected and managed?
c. Are application configuration files (application.properties or application.yml) correct and consistent?
d. Do API endpoints follow RESTful principles and use appropriate HTTP methods and status codes?
e. Are Spring Boot's exception handling mechanisms used effectively?
f. Has authentication, authorization, and other security measures been implemented?
g. Are appropriate logging levels used, and is sensitive information not logged?

JPA (Java Persistence API)

a. Are entities properly defined, annotated, and are relationships correctly mapped (e.g., @Entity, @Table, @Id, @ManyToOne)?
b. Do repositories extend JpaRepository or other relevant interfaces and are used correctly?
c. Is the appropriate fetching strategy used for entity relationships (lazy vs. eager loading)?
d. Are transaction boundaries properly defined and managed?
e. Have queries been optimized for performance?
f. Are validation constraints defined and used correctly (e.g., @NotNull, @Size, @Pattern)?
g. Is cache configuration and usage optimized for performance?

Cloud Readiness

a. Is the codebase maintained in a version control system and deployable to multiple environments?
b. Does the application follow a modular architecture?
c. Are dependencies declared in a manifest file and properly isolated in the build artifact?
d. Are system-level packages avoided for better portability?
e. Is configuration separated from code and stored in environment variables or external configuration services?
f. Are there no hard-coded values in the codebase?
g. Are backing services loosely coupled and easily replaceable or updated?
h. Is connection management implemented properly (e.g., connection pooling, retries)?
i. Are build, release, and run stages separated in the CI/CD pipeline?
j. Are build artifacts immutable and uniquely identifiable?
k. Are application processes stateless and share-nothing?
l. Can the application handle concurrent requests and horizontal scaling?
m. Can the application expose its services through a designated port without relying on runtime injection?
n. Can the application start and stop quickly?
o. Can the application handle failures and resource unavailability gracefully?
p. Are development, staging, and production environments as similar as possible?
q. Is the deployment process consistent across all environments?
r. Are logs treated as event streams and sent to a central logging service?
s. Are logs structured for easier analysis and processing?
t. Does the application expose relevant metrics and integrate with monitoring and observability tools?
u. Is distributed tracing implemented to track request flows across multiple services?
v. Is the application designed to scale horizontally?
w. Is the application fault-tolerant and able to handle the failure of backing services or instances?

These yes/no questions can help you perform a thorough


Java

a. Naming conventions: Are classes, methods, and variables named following Java naming conventions, including proper use of camelCase and PascalCase?
b. Code formatting: Is the code consistently formatted with proper indentation, line breaks, and braces placement?
c. Comments and documentation: Are classes, methods, and complex code blocks documented with meaningful comments and JavaDoc annotations?
d. Code organization: Are classes, interfaces, and packages organized logically, and do they adhere to the Single Responsibility Principle?
e. Error handling: Are exceptions caught, logged, and handled appropriately? Are custom exceptions used where necessary?
f. Code duplication: Is code duplication minimized through refactoring, using design patterns, and adhering to the DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) principle?
g. Unit testing: Do unit tests cover key functionality, edge cases, and exceptions, and do they pass?
h. Performance and optimization: Are potential performance bottlenecks identified and optimized, including proper use of data structures and algorithms?
i. Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) principles: Are OOP principles, such as inheritance, encapsulation, and polymorphism, used effectively?
j. Interface vs. implementation: Are interfaces used to define contracts, and are multiple implementations supported as needed?
k. Proper use of access modifiers: Are access modifiers (public, private, protected, and package-private) used correctly to control visibility and encapsulation?
l. Code reusability and modularity: Are utility classes, libraries, and common functionality properly modularized and reusable?
m. Proper use of Java standard libraries: Are Java standard libraries (e.g., java.util, java.io) used effectively, and are deprecated APIs avoided?
n. Threading and concurrency: Are synchronization, thread safety, and concurrency issues handled correctly?
o. Resource management: Are resources, such as files, streams, and database connections, properly managed and closed when no longer needed?
p. Validations and assertions: Are input validations and assertions used effectively to catch potential issues early in the execution flow?
q. Dependency management: Are dependencies managed using a build tool (e.g., Maven, Gradle), and are transitive dependencies and conflicts resolved appropriately?
r. Java version compatibility: Is the code compatible with the targeted Java version, and does it leverage relevant features and improvements of that version?






Regenerate response


Regenerate response
